Dear E-Commerce professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2416 , Title 6 , Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 45 WEEKS . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you process your 
orders within seconds and deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Jones of New Mexico tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% ! Best regards . Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge news . We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 4 , Section 306 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 86 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus nobody is 
getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Pennsylvania tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . Do 
not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge news . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 5 , Section 
301 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 27 
DAYS . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell 
more & use credit cards on your website ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Simpson who resides in Nebraska tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
This offer is 100% legal ! So make yourself rich now 
by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , We know 
you are interested in receiving red-hot news . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 9 
; Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 51 days ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents plus people love 
convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds & decrease perceived waiting time by 140% . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Ames who resides in New Mexico tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving red-hot news 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 , Title 2 ; Section 302 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 88 days . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE plus use credit cards on your website . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Warmest regards . Dear Colleague 
; Especially for you - this breath-taking intelligence 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; 
Title 7 , Section 309 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 43 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Prof Anderson of Indiana tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
. Thanks . Dear Friend , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our publication 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 , Title 9 , Section 306 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 30 DAYS ! Have you 
ever noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
and how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Prof Jones of Ohio tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! Because the 
Internet operates on "Internet time" you must make 
a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! God Bless . Dear Web surfer ; Especially for 
you - this red-hot information . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 , Title 8 ; Section 306 ! THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 11 days . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 140% & 
decrease perceived waiting time by 180% ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones who 
resides in Louisiana tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Warmest regards 
. Dear E-Commerce professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1618 , Title 9 , Section 304 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 34 WEEKS ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 170% and SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us . Mr Jones of Hawaii tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . Do not go to sleep 
without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off . God Bless ! Dear Salaryman , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 7 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 84 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet & society 
seems to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 170% plus sell more 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides in Colorado 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
50% ! God Bless ! Dear Friend , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 , Title 1 ; Section 302 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 57 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger plus more people than ever are 
surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 160% plus use credit cards on your website . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson of West Virginia tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing . Don't delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! 
Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list ! We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 1 , Section 
303 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 51 days 
! Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus SELL MORE 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides 
in Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Cheers . Dear Internet user , You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our club . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 6 ; Section 
304 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 33 
months . Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU sell more and increase customer response 
by 120% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Illinois tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! For the sake of your family 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 70% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Friend ; We know you 
are interested in receiving red-hot news . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 8 ; Section 305 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 81 months . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster and society seems to be moving faster and 
faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 190% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson 
who resides in Tennessee tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal . Do not 
delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 80% ! Best regards . Dear Cybercitizen 
, Especially for you - this red-hot news ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 4 ; Section 304 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 52 MONTHS ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & people are much more likely to 
BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process 
your orders within seconds and turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Wyoming tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must make a commitment soon 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
. Thanks . Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 1 , Section 306 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 97 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web plus people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Ms Jones of Maryland tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 60% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Business person , 
You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 ; Title 3 ; Section 306 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 80 WEEKS . Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger plus how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus increase customer response by 200% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Ms Anderson of Mississippi tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We urge you to contact us today for your 
own future financial well-being ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Best regards . Dear Business 
person , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 
, Title 5 , Section 301 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 50 months . Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web and nobody is getting any 
younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% and process your orders within seconds 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Jones of Florida tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . Don't 
delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 50% . Cheers . Dear Professional , Especially 
for you - this red-hot intelligence ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 , Title 7 
; Section 306 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 45 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you process your orders within seconds plus use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson 
of New Hampshire tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% . Thanks . Dear Friend , Especially for you 
- this red-hot info ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2216 ; Title 5 , Section 308 . This is 
not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 96 MONTHS ! Have you ever 
noticed people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills and more people than ever are surfing the 
web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you use credit cards on your website 
and process your orders within seconds . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides 
in Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% . Warmest regards 
! Dear E-Commerce professional , Especially for you 
- this hot news . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 ; Title 5 , Section 306 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 25 months ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you SELL MORE 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 190% ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of Louisiana 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . God Bless ! Dear 
Decision maker , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
information . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 2 , Section 
303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 35 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Jones who 
resides in Indiana tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! For the sake of your family order now . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Business person ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 , Title 2 , Section 301 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 63 days . Have you 
ever noticed people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson 
of North Carolina tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! God Bless ! Dear 
Salaryman , Especially for you - this red-hot info 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 6 ; Section 302 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 51 days ! Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE and sell more 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Hawaii 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! We implore you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Friend ; Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our letter 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 
8 ; Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 28 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
plus more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU sell more & increase customer response by 
150% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Vermont tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states ! If not for 
you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too . Cheers ! 
Dear Cybercitizen ; We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge info . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 6 , Section 306 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 99 MONTHS . Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and how many 
people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
use credit cards on your website plus use credit cards 
on your website ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Prof 
Simpson who resides in Hawaii tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" ! This 
offer is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY - order today . 
Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Best regards 
! Dear Sir or Madam ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; 
Title 4 , Section 303 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 97 months . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it plus most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 100% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Jones of Michigan 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . For 
the sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Best regards . Dear 
Web surfer ; We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot information ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2716 , Title 6 ; Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 10 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and sell more . You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson of Minnesota 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . 
You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Warmest regards ! Dear Professional ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge info . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 , Title 8 , Section 309 . This is different than 
anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 61 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and SELL MORE . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson of Hawaii tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! Don't delay - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% . Best regards . Dear Friend ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more . This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 9 , Section 
304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
91 days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone and the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and sell more . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Jones of Delaware tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal 
! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our club 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 2 
, Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 77 months . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster & nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE and use credit 
cards on your website ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in Massachusetts 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This 
offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% ! Thanks 
! Dear Friend ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , 
Title 6 , Section 303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 97 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 180% plus sell more . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Simpson of Iowa tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Cheers . 
Dear Business person ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our database 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 5 ; Section 309 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 47 days ! Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone & people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% plus decrease perceived waiting time by 
140% ! The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Jones who resides in Illinois tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! If 
not for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% . God 
Bless ! Dear Decision maker , We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot news . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1621 ; Title 1 ; Section 302 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 28 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 170% & deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Ames of Wisconsin tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" . This offer is 
100% legal . For the sake of your family order now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Cheers ! 
Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this red-hot 
announcement . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , Title 3 , Section 
301 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 85 
months ! Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash and how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU use credit cards on your website and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Anderson of Iowa tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! We BESEECH you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
. Dear Internet user , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , 
Title 9 , Section 301 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 77 weeks ! Have you ever 
noticed people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website plus increase customer response by 140% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson of Idaho tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! You have no reason not 
to act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Warmest regards . Dear Professional , 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter ! We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 , Title 1 ; Section 303 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 64 MONTHS . 
Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet plus people love convenience . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you use credit cards on your website & SELL MORE 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides 
in Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We are licensed to operate in 
all states . Do not go to sleep without ordering . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Salaryman , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our club . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1626 , Title 2 ; Section 307 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 48 days ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 200% plus increase customer response by 
200% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in Idaho 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Cheers ! Dear Internet user ; Especially for you - 
this cutting-edge info ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2016 ; Title 7 , Section 306 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 41 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones of 
Idaho tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! You have no reason not to act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Friend , We know you are interested in receiving red-hot 
news . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 
; Title 2 ; Section 306 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 17 days ! Have you ever 
noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents & people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Ms Ames who resides in Virginia tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws ! Do not 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Cheers . Dear Web surfer ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 1 
, Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 54 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones who 
resides in West Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! 
We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our letter . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2416 ; Title 9 ; Section 307 . This is 
not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 29 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills & society seems to be moving faster 
and faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more plus use credit 
cards on your website ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Simpson of Idaho tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states . DO NOT DELAY - 
order today . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 , Title 6 , Section 306 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 81 months ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web plus nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE and process your 
orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of 
North Dakota tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! This offer is 100% legal . Do 
not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Professional , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 9 , Section 302 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
11 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed how many people you 
know are on the Internet plus most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
190% plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides 
in Arkansas tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We beseech you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear 
Friend , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our database . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 , Title 5 ; Section 304 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 57 weeks ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson of Oklahoma tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal 
. We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Best regards ! Dear Cybercitizen 
, Thank-you for your interest in our publication . 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , 
Title 1 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 74 days ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE & SELL MORE . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones of West Virginia tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% . Thanks . Dear Salaryman ; We know you are 
interested in receiving hot announcement ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 , Title 3 ; Section 302 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 30 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger & nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you sell 
more and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of 
Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! We implore you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Warmest regards 
. Dear Friend , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 ; Title 4 
; Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 68 DAYS . Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience and nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 200% 
plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson of Idaho 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states . You have no reason 
not to act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Sir or Madam , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
letter . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 
8 ; Section 305 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 65 months ! Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet & how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
who resides in Nevada tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing . Don't delay - order today . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Cheers 
. Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2516 , Title 3 ; Section 302 ! This is not a get rich 
scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 96 months . Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
& most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL 
MORE plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
of Illinois tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Thanks ! Dear Salaryman ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 4 , Section 
309 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 78 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed people will do 
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and society 
seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
increase customer response by 170% and increase customer 
response by 200% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Hawaii 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
. If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Cheers . 
Dear Cybercitizen , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our publication ! 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 2 
; Section 306 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 31 months ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and society seems to 
be moving faster and faster . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
plus increase customer response by 160% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Jones of Maine tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! Dear Web 
surfer , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our mailing list . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 ; Title 6 , Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 74 days . Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger plus people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 
120% plus decrease perceived waiting time by 180% . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in Minnesota tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Decision 
maker , Especially for you - this cutting-edge news 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 ; Title 6 
; Section 303 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 80 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents and how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 130% and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 150% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Warmest regards 
! Dear Internet user , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
news . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 
, Title 6 ; Section 301 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 46 days . Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger & nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson who resides 
in Florida tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Thanks ! Dear Professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our database . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 1 ; Section 302 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 47 
months . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
plus how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you increase customer response by 200% & deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in Idaho tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Warmest regards . Dear Sir or Madam 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 
3 , Section 304 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 43 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
and the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you sell more & use credit cards 
on your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides 
in Illinois tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing . You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; Thank-you for your interest in our letter . If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 2 , Section 304 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 53 days 
. Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it plus nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 130% & SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones of Connecticut tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Salaryman , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter . If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 2 
, Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 56 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Jones who resides in Kentucky tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Business person , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list ! 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , 
Title 3 , Section 306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich in 41 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and SELL MORE 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Arizona 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . This offer is 100% legal ! We implore you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
60% . Thanks ! Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest 
in our publication . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , 
Title 2 , Section 309 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich within 16 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS & process your orders within seconds 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Wyoming 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear E-Commerce professional , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 7 , Section 302 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 38 WEEKS . Have 
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
decrease perceived waiting time by 140% plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 130% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Washington tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
. Dear Friend ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter . If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 ; Title 9 
; Section 309 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
36 weeks . Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills plus people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep plus decrease perceived waiting time by 150% 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who 
resides in Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 4 ; Section 305 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 54 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
& process your orders within seconds ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of Alabama 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 70% . Warmest regards ! Dear 
Business person ; Especially for you - this breath-taking 
information ! This is a one time mailing there is no 
need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 , Title 9 ; Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 75 days ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone plus people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 200% 
and use credit cards on your website . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of Georgia 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! If 
not for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . God 
Bless . Dear Cybercitizen , Thank-you for your interest 
in our publication ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 , Title 9 , Section 308 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 39 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & how many people you 
know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames who 
resides in Hawaii tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Warmest regards ! Dear Internet 
user ; Especially for you - this hot intelligence ! 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , 
Title 7 ; Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 74 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and people love convenience ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU SELL MORE and use credit cards on your website 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Prof Jones who resides 
in Idaho tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! You have no reason not to act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! Dear 
E-Commerce professional , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 , Title 1 ; Section 304 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 46 months . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 200% and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing . So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Friend , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our database ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 4 ; Section 306 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 36 days . Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you process your orders within seconds and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 160% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones who resides in Minnesota tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . For 
the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Web surfer 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 , Title 2 ; Section 305 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 32 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase 
customer response by 100% & decrease perceived waiting 
time by 130% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides 
in Rhode Island tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest 
in our publication . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , 
Title 5 ; Section 307 . This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 54 days ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE plus sell more . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
of California tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! For God's sake, order now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thanks . Dear Web 
surfer ; Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our newsletter ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 5 ; Section 
301 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 45 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash and 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU sell more and process your orders 
within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Jones of Florida 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are a BBB member in good standing . You will 
blame yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Salaryman , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 , Title 7 ; Section 303 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 59 days . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster plus people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and SELL MORE . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Ames of Virginia tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! If 
not for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Cheers 
! Dear Friend ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 2 , Section 309 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 89 MONTHS . 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web & nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU increase customer response by 160% & use credit 
cards on your website ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones who resides in Illinois tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer 
is 100% legal . For the sake of your family order now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear E-Commerce professional ; Especially for you 
- this red-hot intelligence ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1623 ; Title 2 ; Section 306 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 34 WEEKS ! Have 
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash & how many people you 
know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 100% plus decrease perceived waiting time 
by 160% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames 
of Illinois tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Thanks ! Dear Friend 
; You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our database . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 1 , Section 
303 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 51 
MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger and nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson of 
Iowa tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" . This offer is 100% legal ! For God's sake, 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% ! Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional , Especially 
for you - this red-hot announcement . This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 5 , Section 
303 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 56 days . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills plus 
most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% plus SELL MORE . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Simpson of Michigan tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . Because the Internet 
operates on "Internet time" you must make a commitment 
soon ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too . Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this 
cutting-edge info . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 6 ; Section 301 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 49 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and how many people you know are on the Internet 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
and increase customer response by 160% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Ames of Connecticut tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! If not for you then for your 
loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Salaryman ; We know 
you are interested in receiving cutting-edge announcement 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 2 ; Section 309 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 66 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger plus 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! We will help you use credit cards on your website 
and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson of Wisconsin 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 
6 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 93 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and people love 
convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE and process your 
orders within seconds ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Ames of Oregon tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% . Thanks ! Dear Internet user 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; 
Title 8 , Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 95 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and how many people you know 
are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames who 
resides in Delaware tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 1 , Section 305 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 59 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash plus more people than ever 
are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and use credit cards on your website ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Nebraska tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Friend , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 7 ; Section 
306 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 79 DAYS 
. Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
and people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 200% and deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Alabama tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing . We 
IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest 
in our publication . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 ; Title 9 , Section 303 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 49 MONTHS . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster and people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and use credit cards on your website ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson 
of Arizona tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . Do not delay - 
order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our directory . If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 8 
; Section 301 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 53 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it & people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 140% . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Jones of Virginia tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states . For the sake of your family 
order now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too . Thanks . Dear Salaryman , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list . 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; 
Title 3 , Section 302 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 58 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash & most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU sell more plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mrs Ames who resides in Mississippi 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% ! Warmest regards . Dear Decision maker , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our newsletter ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 , Title 1 , Section 304 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 78 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more plus SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mr Ames of Indiana tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. This offer is 100% legal . We BESEECH you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
. Warmest regards ! Dear Decision maker , Especially 
for you - this amazing information ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2116 ; Title 1 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 49 days . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone plus the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
sell more and SELL MORE . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us . Mrs Ames of California tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing . We beseech you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Decision maker ; Especially for you - this red-hot 
news ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 3 , Section 
307 . This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
60 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed society seems to be 
moving faster and faster and more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% & SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of 
Connecticut tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Friend , 
We know you are interested in receiving amazing info 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 9 ; Section 302 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 30 DAYS ! Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you process your 
orders within seconds and use credit cards on your 
website . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! We urge you to contact us 
today for your own future financial well-being ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . God 
Bless ! Dear Business person , Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 ; Title 9 , Section 302 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 62 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 120% & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames of Nebraska 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 6 , Section 
301 ! This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 61 months 
. Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it & the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 140% & sell more . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones who 
resides in Idaho tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! We beseech you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 ; Title 5 , Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 13 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash plus people love convenience ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and increase customer response by 200% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Ames who resides in Georgia tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Best regards 
! Dear Business person , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our newsletter 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 4 
, Section 307 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 86 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and sell more ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who 
resides in Pennsylvania tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . For God's sake, order now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
! Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this hot information 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1626 , Title 5 ; Section 305 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 59 
MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you decrease perceived waiting time by 150% and process 
your orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Wisconsin tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Warmest regards . Dear Friend , 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 ; Title 1 ; Section 308 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 58 WEEKS ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS & turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson of Oregon 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards 
. Dear Colleague ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter ! If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 , Title 6 , Section 308 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 46 days . Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and how long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU sell more and decrease perceived waiting time 
by 190% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in 
West Virginia tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states . You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thanks ! Dear Salaryman , 
Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 2 
; Section 302 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 37 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you sell more and use credit cards on your website 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of Alabama tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! We implore 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Cheers . Dear Web surfer , We know you 
are interested in receiving breath-taking info . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 3 ; Section 306 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 22 months . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone & people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep plus use credit cards on your website . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in California tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% 
legal . For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Cheers 
! Dear Professional , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 4 , Section 
301 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
19 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus sell more ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Anderson who resides in Georgia tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Thanks ! Dear Professional 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 
; Title 9 , Section 307 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 49 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience plus most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Iowa tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do not 
delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Warmest regards ! Dear Colleague 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 9 , Section 
306 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 24 
days ! Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills & the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
increase customer response by 150% and process your 
orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of 
Montana tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! God Bless 
. Dear Web surfer ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter ! If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 8 ; Section 
308 . This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 93 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
who resides in Arkansas tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! You have no reason 
not to act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Business person , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , 
Title 5 , Section 303 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 19 days . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it & the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website & 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides in Tennessee 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! DO 
NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks . Dear Business person ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge info . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2016 , Title 3 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 94 days ! Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Jones who resides in Indiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Cheers 
. Dear Cybercitizen , Thank-you for your interest in 
our newsletter ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1627 ; Title 1 , Section 301 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 44 DAYS ! Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines plus more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you decrease perceived waiting time 
by 150% and decrease perceived waiting time by 160% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Prof Simpson of Connecticut tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Cheers 
. Dear Business person , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our letter 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 5 
, Section 308 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 63 months . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus 
use credit cards on your website . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Jones of Minnesota tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . If 
not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Salaryman , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 3 , Section 
306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 26 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and how many people you know are on the Internet ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE 
will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 160% 
and use credit cards on your website . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones of South Carolina tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Friend , You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our club 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; 
Title 6 ; Section 306 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 78 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you process your orders within seconds plus process 
your orders within seconds ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Alabama tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Thanks . Dear E-Commerce 
professional ; Especially for you - this amazing info 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 
1 , Section 309 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 28 months . Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU sell more plus use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Ames of Louisiana tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Warmest regards 
! Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1624 , Title 3 , Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 94 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience & most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 160% plus increase customer response by 150% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Anderson of Virginia tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must hurry ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 90% ! Thanks . Dear E-Commerce professional 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our database ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1618 ; Title 2 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 33 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet & how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in New Mexico tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal ! You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
! Warmest regards . Dear Professional ; You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our mailing list 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 9 ; Section 301 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
10 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and society seems to be moving 
faster and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides in Delaware 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This 
offer is 100% legal ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Warmest regards . Dear Salaryman 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 
; Title 9 ; Section 301 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 54 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web plus most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you increase customer response by 100% 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in Illinois 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Cheers ! Dear Friend ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge intelligence . If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 ; Section 
304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 38 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you sell 
more and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Jones who 
resides in Florida tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . We IMPLORE 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Salaryman , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 2 ; Section 
304 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 81 weeks 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web plus more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you use credit cards on your website 
and use credit cards on your website ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Simpson of California tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" ! We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws ! Don't 
delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 20% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 3 
; Section 306 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 61 months ! Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster plus people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you SELL MORE and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us ! Mr Anderson who resides in Kansas tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We are a BBB member in good standing ! We BESEECH you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Thanks ! Dear Friend ; You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our directory ! If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 2 ; Section 
304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 62 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents and most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 180% plus process your orders within seconds ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson of Hawaii tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1816 ; Title 8 ; Section 301 ! This is 
a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 23 days ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! We will help you sell more & turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Maryland tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1622 , Title 5 ; Section 301 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 49 days . Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 170% & SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Arkansas tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! Because the 
Internet operates on "Internet time" you must act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
! Cheers ! Dear Business person , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 ; Title 6 , Section 303 . This is 
different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
11 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Ames of Nevada tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal . If not for you then for your loved ones - act 
now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Internet user ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 9 , Section 303 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 93 days . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you process 
your orders within seconds & turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Hawaii tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . You have no reason 
not to act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 10% . Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 6 ; Section 302 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 33 
months . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you use credit cards on your website 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Ames who resides in Illinois tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Professional ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 7 ; Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 49 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience & people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 100% 
plus process your orders within seconds . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of Delaware 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . This offer is 100% legal . So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards ! Dear 
Web surfer , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our database . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 , Title 6 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 59 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in Alaska 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . For the sake of your 
family order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 10% . God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen , 
We know you are interested in receiving breath-taking 
news ! We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
, Title 3 , Section 304 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 74 weeks . Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you process your 
orders within seconds and use credit cards on your 
website . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Prof Jones who resides in 
Nevada tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Colleague 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2516 , Title 9 , Section 306 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 17 weeks . Have you ever noticed the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep & process your orders 
within seconds . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . We IMPLORE you - act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
10% . God Bless ! Dear Internet user , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 6 
; Section 302 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
99 days . Have you ever noticed society seems to be 
moving faster and faster and nobody is getting any 
younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and decrease perceived waiting time by 160% 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson of Michigan 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal . Don't 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! God Bless ! Dear E-Commerce professional 
, Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 2 
, Section 301 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 93 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus increase customer response by 160% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of South 
Dakota tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things 
are possible" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Best regards ! Dear Internet user ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our publication ! We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 9 , Section 
305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 96 weeks . Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
plus nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS plus sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Jones of West Virginia tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . We urge you to contact 
us today for your own future financial well-being . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Internet user ; Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our newsletter 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1627 , Title 3 ; Section 303 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 61 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet & the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and process your orders within seconds ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Wisconsin tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing . Do 
not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Business person , 
Especially for you - this amazing intelligence . If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 4 , Section 
309 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 21 
days ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Anderson of New Jersey tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% . Cheers ! Dear Decision maker 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter . We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 4 ; Section 305 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 46 days . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you increase customer response by 140% plus process 
your orders within seconds ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us . Mr Jones who resides in Minnesota 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Best regards . 